What was the goal and what were the requirements? How does this work meet them?

This project is is the latest incarnation of what started out as a way to print out custom game boards for the Jeopardy home game. 

The game is intended to be played with a host who is projecting the players' game board to a room (or over Zoom, as the case has been for the last year and a half). The host can create their own custom Jeopardy games using real Jeopardy categories, and control the players' game board from their own host dashboard.

This game has access to an API with game data for the last 10 seasons of Jeopardy, thanks to jService (https://github.com/sottenad/jService). 

------

Who did you work on this with, and which parts were you responsible for? 

I worked on this project with a back-end developer. He built the backend/API with Python Flask. I provided a database dump of the questions and answers, and the expected JSON format for calling the API endpoints to provide the category lists and the generated game boards.  

I created the front end of the app using React.

------

Please describe your experience working with open source frameworks. Which is your favorite and why?

Earlier in my career I worked extensively with jQuery, but that has become less and less necessary to use as vanilla JavaScript and browser support has improved.

I find React to be extremely powerful for developing sophisticated interfaces. There is so much you can do with React without needing to be a full-stack developer. 

I've used Bootstrap extensively over the last 8 years, both professionally and personally. I would rank it as my favorite open source framework because it gives me the ability to quickly create a clean-looking user interface without needing to be a designer.

------

A Senior Front-End Developer at ThinkShout is responsible for providing ticket specifications for other developers and performing code reviews. Describe your experience with giving peer feedback and writing specs.

I have been in senior/lead developer positions for a long time, and have always enjoyed providing mentoring and assistance to my fellow developers. 

I have spent a lot of time translating the needs of stakeholders into actionable requests for developers. 

------

ThinkShout is committed to becoming an anti-racist organization. We recognize that everyone has different lived and professional experiences with racial, political, and/or environmental justice. Please share your thoughts on how racial equity, diversity and inclusion contribute to an organization’s success and how you would advance this in your role on the development team.

There are so many reasons why equity, diversity, and inclusion are important to an organization! A diverse working environment fosters innovation and creativity as everyone has different skills, background, and knowledge. Especially at a company like ThinkShout, there is a great opportunity to have a connection with communities/organizations being served. As a woman in tech, I always hope to be able to influence and encourage other women in technical roles. I am also aware of my privilege and seek to use that awareness to promote an inclusive environment.